SCRUM
Scrum is a lightweight framework that helps people, teams and organizations generate value through adaptive solutions for complex problems.
Scrum is built upon by the collective intelligence of the people using it.
Rather than provide people with detailed instructions, the rules of Scrum guide their relationships and interactions.
Scrum combines four formal events for inspection and adaptation within a containing event, the Sprint.
These events work because they implement the empirical Scrum pillars of transparency, inspection, and adaptation.

SCRUM VALUES
Successful use of Scrum depends on people becoming more proficient in living five values:
Commitment, Focus, Openness, Respect, and Courage.
When these values are embodied by the Scrum Team and the people they work with,
the empirical Scrum pillars of transparency, inspection, and adaptation come to life building trust.

SCRUM TEAM
The fundamental unit of Scrum is a small team of people, a Scrum Team.
The Scrum Team consists of one Scrum Master, one Product Owner, and Developers.
The Scrum Team is small enough to remain nimble and large enough to complete significant work within a Sprint, typically 10 or fewer people.
The Scrum Team is responsible for all product-related activities from 
stakeholder collaboration, verification, maintenance, operation, experimentation, research and development, and anything else that might be required.

DEVELOPERS
Developers are the people in the Scrum Team that are committed to creating any aspect of a usable Increment each Sprint.
Creating a plan for the Sprint, the Sprint Backlog.
Instilling quality by adhering to a Definition of Done.
Adapting their plan each day toward the Sprint Goal. 
Holding each other accountable as professionals.

PRODUCT OWNER
The Product Owner is accountable for maximizing the value of the product resulting from the work of the Scrum Team.
The Product Owner is one person, not a committee. The Product Owner may represent the needs of many stakeholders in the Product Backlog.
Developing and explicitly communicating the Product Goal.
Creating and clearly communicating Product Backlog items.
Ordering Product Backlog items.
Ensuring that the Product Backlog is transparent, visible and understood.

SCRUM MASTER
The Scrum Master is accountable for establishing Scrum as defined in the Scrum Guide. 
They do this by helping everyone understand Scrum theory and practice, both within the Scrum Team and the organization.
Scrum Masters are true leaders who serve the Scrum Team and the larger organization.
The Scrum Master serves the organization in several ways, including:
Leading, training, and coaching the organization in its Scrum adoption.
Planning and advising Scrum implementations within the organization.
Helping employees and stakeholders understand and enact an empirical approach for complex work.
Removing barriers between stakeholders and Scrum Teams.

SPRINT
They are fixed length events of one month or less to create consistency. 
A new Sprint starts immediately after the conclusion of the previous Sprint.
During the Sprint:
No changes are made that would endanger the Sprint Goal.
Quality does not decrease.
The Product Backlog is refined as needed.
Scope may be clarified and renegotiated with the Product Owner as more is learned.

DAILY SCRUM
The purpose of the Daily Scrum is to inspect progress toward the Sprint Goal and adapt the Sprint Backlog as necessary, adjusting the upcoming planned work.
The Daily Scrum is a 15-minute event for the Developers of the Scrum Team to reduce complexity.
Daily Scrums improve communications, identify impediments, promote quick decision-making, and consequently eliminate the need for other meetings.
